### Teressa Ross Assignment 2

The Titanic the night of its sinking held a total of 2,223 passengers and of those 1,517 died. This data represents 1309 of those passengers and the survivors within each class. Constructing Data Visualization  Caption The Graphic and My Findings I wanted the data to reflect how the numbers  decrease as you discover how many passengers actually survived. The pie chart is more representative of the data in percents if that’s what you prefer. I had a little difficulty in thinking of a way to convey a percent within the percent without it looking like another piece of the pie. Also knowing how pie charts are not the easiest to read always I proceeded to do a bar graph.  The bar graph does a good job in visually displaying the data as it decreases from the total of passengers, to the total passengers within the class, and then the total of survivors within that class in an easier format.  The colors are reflective of the class and how it ascends as well for both. For the bar graphs i felt the second one is more impactful when the total is combined. It looms reminding you how many passengers are in this dataset. Initially I wanted a pie chart because I was going to solve this problem from a percentage perspective. This mostly was for the fact that from the data, of the 1309 passengers 24.7%  were from first class (323 passengers), for the second class 21.1% (277passengers), and for third class 54.2% (709 passengers).  Then from these percents you derive to the percent who survived. For first class 61.9% of the 323 passengers survived (200 passengers) , for second class 42.9% of the 277 passengers survived (119 passengers), and lastly for third class 25.5% of the 709 passengerssurvived (181 passengers). Seeing as pie charts are hard to read sometimes I proceeded to a bar chart that visually displays the totals within the totals just considering the passengers. The data in the bar chart is the same data as stated above without the percents. The data revealed a number of things. First that there is a connection between class and survivor rate. The higher the class the higher the survivor numbers with first class having a littl well over half of there passengers surviving. Second class almost had have of their class surviving with third class at about 25%.  I didn’t know or expect that the data to show that the second class had lower numbers than first class and for the third class to be so big in total. The only expectations I had concerned a whole different variable gender (with women having the highest survival numbers).  In conclusion very interesting dataset and if I were to proceed I think I would add age as a variable.  data:  <http://www.tableau.com/public/community/sample-data-sets>
[Process Notebook](a2-Ross.pdf)