**Redesigned Explanation**

This redesigned graph shows the main source of government and political news that people get based on their ideology. Each political group has a color and the colors were purposely chosen to reflect how “strong” their views were on a scale. For example, consistently liberal is the darkest blue while mostly liberal is a lighter blue. Both are shades of blue but the darker it is the stronger their views on a scale. Mixed is purple, the in between color between blue and red. These are then binned into sections news sources. The numbers reflect the number of people and the bars were made to show proportion. The total percentage at the bottom is out of everyone surveyed (regardless of political leaning).


**Redesigned vs Pew Original** 

This is a much more simple approach that attempts to organize people’s political beliefs and the news source they follow. It uses more color than the original and divides it up by political party so there is more distinction. The percentages in the original graph was confusing because only the top row uses it, so instead of using the percentages all throughout I used numbers instead. It was also confusing because it only showed the first 5 news sources that people surveyed used but that’s a different category than the bulk of information. Local TV, Local Newspaper and Local Radio are also slightly different categories compared to the news sources, which have distinct names and originally I listed them towards the end so they all go together, but the total percentages wouldn’t have been together. Perhaps if all of the total percentages were provided we could have more data to use. 