### Data Visualization (Spring 2016)[<<](http://datavis-sp16.github.io/) Back to course website
# Assignment 4: Data Story  
Due May 2 / May 4. Public poster Session May 5
### Description: 

[Edward Segel an Jeffrey Heer. *Narrative Visualization: Telling Stories with Data*](http://vis.stanford.edu/files/2010-Narrative-InfoVis.pdf) (pdf)

For the final project, you will work in teams of three to four people to create a "data story" presented in multiple forms: 

1. A printed poster encapsulating the complete story illustrated with graphics and visualizations, to be presented in a public "poster session" (with a 5 minute presentation delivered in front of the poster); and
2. A public, on-line article with embeded interactive visualizations, adhering to journalistic or academic paper standards.  This may be realized as a blog post, stand alone web page, or full web site.  This site may also be used during the poster presentation in addition to the poster.

The goal of this project is to integrate data visualization with narrative in order to communicate or investigate complex problems.  

Your team should chose a topic, find and/or collect data, prepare data, conduct exploratory data analysis, formulate research questions, then design multiple visualizations to address the question(s).  The results should be written up in narrative form, adhering to either a journalistic or academic style, with visuliaztions forming an integral part of the story.

### Written Proposal (due April 14)

Submit a written proposal include the names of the members of your group and a 1-2 paragraph description of the topic or problem you plan to address.

If you do not have a github account, please create one for each member of your team.  List the github account name next to each team member.  I will create public repositories for you to work in.

Email me to submit your proposal.

### Poster (due Monday, May 2)

A poster, designed for print, maximun size 48" x 48."  A PDF of the poster is due (in the github repository) by Monday, May 2.  The printed poster will be hung and presented in the poster session, Thursday, May 5, 8-11am.  Minor revisions may be made to the printed poster after Monday the 2nd.

### Article (due Wednesday, May 4)

The online story or article should go live by Wednesday, May 4.  It may be hosted anywhere, but if not hosted on Github, then the complete website code should be made easily accessible.  Any embeded visualizations created in third party tools should be clearly documented in the github repository, either with code or links to editable copy of the graph.

### Poster Session (Thursday, May 5, 8-11am)

5 minute presentation delevered in front of your poster to small groups.  You will deliver the presentation multiple times and have th chance to hear each of the other groups' presentations as well.

<mark>This will be a public session.  You may invite friends.</mark>

Further instructions will be presented later.
